Set `skip_dev_gems` to be a `class_option` (#45402)
rails/rails: railties/CHANGELOG.md

> *   Set `skip_dev_gems` to be a `class_option` so it can be invoked from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Add `--skip-dev-gems` option to app generator to skip adding development gems (like `web-console`) to the Gemfile
```

I think the changelog entry should be more focused on what has changed for users vs how the implementation has changed

Author: Changelog updated as suggested.
